[DOCS] Warn about sensible information in Elastic Agent diagnostic (#1255)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/troubleshooting/troubleshooting.asciidoc

IMPORTANT: {agent} attempts to automatically redact credentials and API keys when creating diagnostics. 
Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure that there are no credentials in plain text.

> IMPORTANT: When enabling `debug` logging level, the zip archive containing diagnostics information will also contain
> the raw events of documents sent to the output. Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure
> that there is no sensible information in them.
> 

Author: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The zip archive containing diagnostics information will contain the raw events of documents sent to the output. By default, it will log only the failing events as `warn`.
When enabling `debug` logging level, it will log all the events. 
Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure that there is no sensible information in them.
```

> IMPORTANT: The zip archive containing diagnostics information will contain the raw events of documents sent to the output. By default, it will log only the failing events as `warn`.
> When enabling `debug` logging level, it will log all the events. 
> Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure that there is no sensible information in them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: The ZIP archive containing diagnostics information will include the raw events of documents sent to the {agent} output.
By default, it will log only the failing events as `warn`.
When the `debug` logging level is enabled, all events are logged.
Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure that no sensitive information is included.
```

Looks good Luca! I'd suggest just a very small rewording. Here's how it would look:

![Screenshot 2024-08-13 at 11 51 44 AM](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/239e37ad-e7ec-438a-b9e0-0f2640fa0055)

IMPORTANT: {agent} attempts to automatically redact credentials and API keys when creating diagnostics. 
Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure that there are no credentials in plain text.

IMPORTANT: The zip archive containing diagnostics information will contain the raw events of documents sent to the output. By default, it will log only the failing events as `warn`.
When enabling `debug` logging level, it will log all the events. 
Please review the contents of the archive before sharing to ensure that there is no sensible information in them.

> **Get the diagnostics bundle using the CLI**

Author: ```suggestion

**Get the diagnostics bundle using the CLI**
```
